Buttons for selecting upper-right or lower-left extent when adding center track (#826)
higlass/higlass: docs/views.rst

Both zoom and location locks can be removed using the view menu.

Add track position menu
---------

.. image:: img/add_track_position.png
    :align: right

When adding a track via the top header bar, the track position must be selected before tileset(s) are selected.

> The lower-left and upper-right corners of the center position button can be used to set the track options `extent: "lower-left"` and `extent: "upper-right"`, respectively. Otherwise, the `extent` option will be set to the default `"full"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lower-left and upper-right triangle buttons in the center position provide shortcuts for adding tracks that only occupy the lower-left or upper-right corner of the center position by setting the track options `extent: "lower-left"` and `extent: "upper-right"`, respectively. This is useful for creating for comparing two datasets side by side. Otherwise, the `extent` option will be set to the default `"full"` and the added track will occupy the entire area.
```
